[singing] MTV
[RuPaul's "Cake & Candy"]
[singing] Stuntin' on
these bitches
From the theater
at the Ace Hotel
in Downtown Los Angeles,
it's the grand finale
of "RuPaul's Drag Race."
[cheers and applause]
Now please welcome
to the stage
the queens of season 15.
[singing] Keep the food
on the table
First up, she's
the alien queen of Seattle,
Irene Dubois.
[singing] I walk sissy
and it got my feet hurtin'
Hard to believe me,
never see me break a sweat
She's San Francisco royalty,
it's Princess Poppy.
[singing] For something that
melts in my mouth
And not in my hand
I can do without,
but I won't 'cause I can
Red velvet, chiffon,
I ain't talking 'bout gowns
She's a living doll--
it's Sugar.
[singing] I should have
a little bit
But I want all of it
'Cause I been so good,
sweet tooth cryin' out
I want what I want
and I want it right now
Hey, sis.
It's Amethyst.
[singing] Just
a little somethin'
That I think I deserve
Who's the fiercest queen
of all?
Robin Fierce.
[singing] Cake and candy
Cake, cake, and candy
This is her Golden era.
Say hello to Aura Mayari.
[cheers and applause]
[singing] [...] it up,
run me that sweet
Purple yam, red bean,
honey green tea
Make me say mmm, mm-hmm
Get ready
to flip for Jax.
[singing] [...] it up,
run me that sweet
Purple yam, red bean,
honey green tea
Make me say mmm, mm-hmm
Mmm, mmm, mm-hmm
We've got the fever
for the flavor.
It's Spice.
[singing] Flexin' on these
ho-o-oes
I make it look easy
From Miami to the world,
it's Malaysia Babydoll Foxx.
[singing] Supermodel
of the world
Yes, I'm a pro-o-o
Flexin' on these ho-o-oes
Oh, my nose!
It's Marcia Marcia Marcia.
[singing] Cake and candy
Cake, cake, and candy
Just a little somethin'
that I think
LA's hometown girl,
Salina EsTitties.
She's here to let loose.
It's Loosey LaDuca.
[singing] I'll tell you
what I want
Cake and candy
Cake, cake, and candy
And now,
our top four queens.
She better walk
that fucking duck.
It's Anetra.
[singing] Cake and candy
Cake, cake, and candy
They just don't know
what it takes
To keep the food on the table
I be slaying for
the mother[...] payroll
No question, I do provide
Mama want something sweet
when I'm done for the night
Paris, Milan,
New Jersey.
Luxx Noir London.
[singing] I need more juice
in the batteries
You know these calories
burnin'
And it got me yearnin'
for something
That melts in my mouth
and not in my hand
I can do without,
but I won't 'cause I can
Red velvet, chiffon,
I ain't talking 'bout gowns
Gather her.
It's Mistress Isabelle Brooks.
[singing] I should have a
little bit
But I want all of it
'Cause I been so good,
sweet tooth cryin' out
I want what I want
and I want it right now
Cake and candy
Cake, cake, and candy
Welcome
to her meet and greet.
It's Sasha Colby.
[singing] Cake and candy
Cake, cake, and candy
Cake and candy
[rising dramatic tone]
Anybody out there
Had the rug pulled out
from under you?
Anybody out there
Had the roof come crashing
down on you?
Anybody out there
Been blindsided by the love
That you mistakenly
thought was yours?
Put your hand up
And now, the mother
of the House of Love,
RuPaul.
[singing] Look at you and
all you've made it through
I'm so in awe of you,
and I hope you are too
I see you keep your head up,
you get up
You're my hero,
got the courage to love
And to be loved,
and to be loved again
Loved again
Got the courage to love
and to be loved
And to be loved again
[cheers and applause]
[laughs]
Thank you.
Welcome to the grand finale
of "RuPaul's Drag Race."
Drag is not a crime,
but looking this sickening
should be.
[laughter and applause]
[laughs]
Tonight, we come together
to celebrate
drag excellence in the USA.
And I want to give a shout-out
to all the clubs
watching across the country.
New Beginnings in Johnson City, Tennessee.
[cheers and applause]
Mr. Misster in Dallas, Texas.
Crossings
in Lexington, Kentucky,
and so many more.
We see you,
and we want to help.
And to our viewers
throughout the evening,
a QR code will pop up
on your screen.
Scan it to support
the ACLU Drag Defense Fund,
'cause it do take a village.
And speaking of a village,
I wanna say hello
to my Judge Judys,
Michelle Visage...
[cheers and applause]
Carson Kressley...
Hello, Mama. [laughs]
Ross Matthews...
[cheers and applause]
And Ts Madison.
Are y'all ready to crown
our queen?
[cheers and applause]
Well, first things first,
Anetra,
Mistress Isabelle Brooks,
Luxx Noir London,
and Sasha Colby...
will perform
original solo numbers
inspired by their charisma,
uniqueness, nerve, and talent.
And in the end,
the two queens that
impress me the most
will go head to head
and toe to toe
in the final
Lip-Sync for the Crown.
So enough talk.
It's time to let these queens
do what they do best.
Racers, start your engines,
and may the best drag queen win.
[cheers and applause]
[singing] "RuPaul's Drag Race"
The winner of
"RuPaul's Drag Race"
receives a one-year supply
of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics
and a gag-worthy grand prize
of $200,000,
served by Cash App.
[singing] "RuPaul's Drag Race"
May the best drag queen,
best drag queen win
[RuPaul's "Charisma,
Uniqueness, Nerve & Talent]
Our first finalist
is a powerhouse performer
and a kickass queen.
Take a look.
[dynamic pop music]
Hey, it's your girl Anetra.
That's six letters
and three vowels
and a whole lotta
ducking talent.
I kicked off the season
in a big, big way,
and I just kept slaying.
And that's why
I'm the knockout.
This journey for me has been
absolutely transformative,
and I'm very grateful.
I think it's important
to represent for drag
and drag artists right now
because drag is freedom
and drag is a place where
we get to erase ourselves
and build ourselves up again
and be whoever we wanna be.
If I would have to give a
special thank you to somebody,
it would be my dad.
I'm very grateful for him,
and if it wasn't for him,
I would not be sitting
in this chair.
So thank you for everything,
and I hope I make you
proud today.
[sniffles]
Oh, my God.
I didn't think I was gonna cry.
[laughs]
[upbeat pop music]
[camera shutters clicking]
No problem.
It's been a long
and beautiful journey,
but it's coming to an end.
This finale is about
to be a ball.
For my solo number, I've been
working with a music producer
to get this song together and
make sure the lyrics are right,
make sure the meaning is right.
The name of my original song
is "Lotus."
The lotus can only blossom
on top of the lake
after they've gone through
all of the mud
and all of the bullshit that
they have to persevere
to become who they actually
are meant to be.
I am so excited to perform
in this finale.
Like, Jasmine Kennedie
said it best:
"This is my moment,
and I am about to have it."
Tonight it's time
to crown this fucking duck.
[cheers and applause]
And now,
with the first
of our
show-stopping performances,
Anetra.
[emotional electronic music]
I'm ready, 'cause right now
is my moment
Moment, moment, moment
I'm ready, 'cause right now
is my time
My time, my time, my time
But my story is a story
where I felt all the shame
And my story is a story
where I carried the pain
But my story doesn't end
with me fading away
Away, away, away
I will climb
to the light like a lotus
Nothing can tear me down
I'm too far to turn around
I'll survive
Not one part of me's hopeless
Yeah
Oh-whoa
Oh, oh
[vocalizing]
I will survive
I will climb like a lotus
Nothing is hopeless
I already know this
I will survive
I will climb like a lotus
Nothing is hopeless
I already know this
[music concludes]
[cheers and applause]
Yeah!
Wow, that was amazing.
It's time for
the judges' critiques.
Anetra, you betta slay
that fuckin' lotus.
[laughter]
Yes.
Anetra, you're the Portia
of this "White Lotus," okay?
- Yes.
- You are amazing,
and I'm so glad that you
made it this far.
- Eat it up, girl.
- Yes, ma'am.
So, Anetra,
how has your life changed
since being on "Drag Race"?
It's been absolutely
incredible travelling around
and spreading all of this queerness
and flamin' hot pussy everywhere.
[laughter]
So drag queens are superheroes.
What's your superpower?
Leaping over women with BFAs.
- [cheers and applause]
- Yes, Marcia.
- A boss bitch.
- Okay.
So then what
is your kryptonite?
Ooh.
Like, any brown man over,
like, 6'.
[laughter]
So who's here
supporting you tonight?
I have my step-mom
and my father here tonight.
Ahh.
[cheers and applause]
So Papa Anetra,
I know you've been
trying on Anetra's wigs.
Which one's your favorite?
- All of 'em.
- Really?
Are you a pussycat wig
or a long fall?
Long fall.
- Long fall.
- Oh, wow.
- [laughter]
- Come on, now.
So, Papa Anetra,
America wants to know:
Can you walk that fucking duck?
Um, hell no.
[laughter]
- He's got bad knees.
- Oh, you've got bad knees.
- Yes. Yeah.
- I get it.
So, Papa Anetra,
what advice do you have
for families raising
a drag artist?
For anybody that's out there,
always love, support,
and just be there for them.
That's--that's the main thing
you can do for anybody.
[cheers and applause]
[quietly] I love you.
I love that.
Chile, all her ducks are
in a mothertucking row.
Give it up for Anetra.
You make me feel,
whisper in my ear
If you're Team Anetra,
sound off using #DragRace.
You make me feel,
whisper in my ear
Welcome back
to the grand finale
or "RuPaul's Drag Race."
Our top four showdown continues.
Our next queen has a design
for the dramatic.
Take a look.
- [upbeat pop music]
- The "it" girl has arrived
in mint condition.
I'm the saint, the brand,
the fantasy.
I came into the competition
talking a big game,
and I definitely do think that
I put my money
where my mouth is.
I walked into the Werkroom
40 inches first
and won a couple challenges.
I was in the top a lot.
I have had some
pretty stellar looks,
some pretty sickening fits
and fashions on the runway.
[screams]
I think that I bring
a certain joy to drag.
I just have something that
just gives it
that little extra "mmm" to it,
you know?
It's just this je ne sais quoi.
I do live my life with
a suit of confidence on.
I also have feelings,
and I also have a heart.
Checkmate.
Winning "Drag Race" would mean
a lot to me.
I want this more than anything
I've ever wanted.
I want this so bad.
Like, I will do anything
for it.
Like, I will commit crime.
I--well, not too bad.
For, like, a petty crime
where I'd, like,
you know, just be arrested
but not go to prison,
like stealing or something
like that.
Hello? RuPaul?
Oh, my God, yes!
I'll take the $200,000.
Of course!
When I tell you,
I am feeling
all of the emotion
in being here at the finale.
It's very surreal,
but it feels very correct.
The original song that I will
be performing tonight,
it's about being lavish.
It's about fashion.
It's, you know,
just full of life.
I am beyond excited for the
world to see this performance.
I think the other three girls
would be crazy
to not be worried about
what I have up my sleeve.
And the sleeve is Versace.
[cheers and applause]
And now, Luxx Noir London.
[up-tempo electronic music]
Ooh
They don't dun-da-da
like they do in London
They don't kiss, kiss,
au revoir
Like they do in Paris
They don't ra-ka-ta-ta-ka-ka
Like they do in Milan
But the thing they
got in common
What?
The thing that brings
the action
- What?
- Let me say it, bitch.
Quit asking.
It's giving fashion
Walk, walk
G-g-giving fashion
- Work, work
- It's giving fashion
G-g-giving fashion
It's giving fashion
I'd like to keep
that camera flashing
It's giving fashion
I can dun-da-da
Like they do in London
I can kiss, kiss, au revoir
Like they do in Paris
I can ra-ka-ta-ta-ka-ka
Like they do in Milan
And the thing we got in common
What?
The thing that brings
the action
- What?
- Let me say it, bitch.
Quit asking.
We're giving fashion
- Walk, walk
- It's giving fashion
- G-g-giving fashion
- Work, work
It's giving fashion
G-g-giving fashion
- Give, give
- It's giving fashion
I'd like to keep that
camera flashing
It's giving fashion
London
Paris
Milan
It's giving fashion
Thread count
Hem lines
Pain
It's giving fashion
[cheers and applause]
[RuPaul laughs]
Luxx, that was giving me fashion.
Let's hear from the judges.
Luxx Noir London Visage,
you have made me
and the entire Garden State
so very proud.
So, so well done, Luxx.
- So proud of you, sweetheart.
- Thank you.
Luxx, it's giving all the Fs:
Fashion, face, and ferocity.
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
Now, Luxx, you have a drag
race quote for everything.
Is there a quote that sums up
how you're feeling right now?
Hmm.
I actually think I have
the perfect one.
"I can't wait to see
how this turns out."
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
So, joking aside,
how are you feeling right now?
I'm feeling on top
of the world.
I've been dreaming
of this moment
since I even knew
what "Drag Race" was.
I just saw myself here
in the finale.
And it's wild to think that
when you really put
so much heart
and energy and effort
into what you really want
to achieve in life,
the possibilities are endless.
Yes. I love that.
It's true.
So, Luxx, who's here
supporting you tonight?
- My lovely mother...
- Hi, my baby.
And my boyfriend, Thomas.
- Hey, my love.
- Oh, gorgeous.
I love you, my baby.
So, Mother Luxx,
where does Luxx get
the creativity from?
Well, he get his creativity
from my mom.
She's no longer with us,
but I know she's looking down
at Luxx so happy.
And he gets it from me
and his dad,
so it's the whole family
he gets his creativity--
So--you're all very modest,
aren't you?
Yes.
[laughter]
Thomas, tell me,
what's your favorite thing
about Luxx?
Everything.
- I love everything about them.
- Aw.
I'm so proud.
So proud.
That's very sweet.
So, Luxx, final question:
Why do you love drag?
I love drag because
I'm able to express every
wild, crazy thought
that I've ever had
in my entire life--
and trust me, there's plenty.
It's the reason I wake up
in the morning
and it's what keeps me
up at night.
I wouldn't be half the person
I am today
if I'd never discovered drag.
I love it.
Well, she's got beaucoup style
and a whole lot
of "Black Butta."
Give it up
for Luxx Noir London.
[cheers and applause]
[singing] Black
bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-butter
If you are Team Luxx,
sound off using #DragRace.
[upbeat pop music]
[cheers and applause]
Welcome back to the grand
finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race."
Tonight we wanna take a moment
to honor the iconic Bob Mackie.
Take a look.
You know what I always say:
Cher was born naked
and the rest was Bob Mackie.
[laughter]
Growing up, Bob Mackie
always dreamed
of a life in show business.
When he was 21 years old,
his grandmother gave Bob
his first sewing machine,
and he never looked back.
Bob moved to Hollywood where
he began his dazzling career
at Paramount Studios.
Bob married
actress Lulu Porter
and the two have a son, Robin.
Later, Bob worked
as an assistant
to designer Ray Aghayan.
A romance blossomed,
and the pair became
life partners
in a relationship
that lasted 50 years.
A talented artist,
Bob sketched
the infamous dress
Marilyn Monroe wore when she
sang "Happy Birthday" to JFK.
From there, Bob created
his own signature style.
Soon, every leading lady
was begging to wear
a Bob Mackie original.
Bob designed costumes
for all 11 seasons
of "The Carol Burnett Show."
Many times, I didn't know
how I was going
to do a character in a sketch
until I went to the costume
fitting on Wednesday
and saw what Bob
had created for me.
In his six-decade career,
Bob has transfixed
TV audiences,
brightened Broadway,
lit up Las Vegas,
and set the silver screen
on fire.
Today, Bob Mackie remains
in a class all by himself,
and a new generation
of leading ladies
is still begging to wear
a Bob Mackie original.
Look at just his body
of work on me.
I mean, if you look at
every young girl, hip girl
has got a version
of something that I've worn.
Bob Mackie is my hero,
and it was a dream come true
to wear his creations,
and an even bigger thrill
when he agreed
to be the first ever
guest judge
on "RuPaul's Drag Race."
Mr. Bob Mackie.
Hey, Ru. You're gorgeous.
15 seasons later,
Bob Mackie continues
to inspire.
Who's the designer?
It's an original Bob Mackie.
Mackie, doll.
I'm sure Mr. Mackie
will love that too.
I hope he does.
In recognition of his
priceless contributions
to glamour, beauty,
and excitement,
"RuPaul's Drag Race"
is proud to present
the first ever Giving Us
Lifetime Achievement Award
to the one and only
Bob Mackie.
[cheers and applause]
All rise for Bob Mackie.
[RuPaul's "U Wear It Well"]
[singing] You wear it well
French tip, lipstick,
painted on
You wear it well
Value sure suits
you-ooh-ooh
- Thank you.
Wow.
[singing] You wear it well
To all the queens
around the world,
don't let anyone or anything...
dim your sparkle.
Yes.
[cheers and applause]
Be sure to watch
the new Bob Mackie documentary
coming out later this year.
Now back to
the Battle for the Crown.
Oh, boy.
[laughs]
Up next, a queen
who steals the spotlight
wherever she goes.
Take a look.
[upbeat pop music]
From the moment I step
in the Werkroom,
I know I gag the girls.
That's why I'm the showstopper.
I literally wake up
thinking about drag.
Drag is my job.
Drag is what I do
in my free time.
This is more than
just my career.
This is literally my life.
I represent for so many
different people.
I represent for
the plus-sized girls.
Of course I put out
for Houston, Texas.
But most importantly tonight,
I'm representing
for anyone who's ever
been told they couldn't.
Baby, I'm living proof
that you can
as long as you put
your mind to it.
The "Drag Race" journey
has been a very unique one.
I'm happy to say that
when I got to "Drag Race,"
I wasn't, like, totally
thrown off by anything.
I definitely got to experience
so many things
for the first time.
[laughs]
I didn't think
that I was gonna
slay acting challenges,
but, I mean,
I always act a fool
and cut up,
so I know I'll at least
be cute at it.
Throughout the competition,
there definitely were
some times
where I had
my emotional moments.
Watching it back has
been so crazy
because my story has resonated
with so many people.
[sniffles]
I have people who come to me
and they just, like,
are bawling
when they see me
because they've been through
so much similar things
with their family
or, like, they've never seen
someone like themselves on TV.
And, like, I'm very grateful
that I've made these
connections with people
and it makes everything
worth it.
- [upbeat music]
- Perfect.
Diamonds have always
brought me luck, baby.
Tonight, I'll be performing
my original song, "Delusion."
It's about a girl, who may
or may not be patient zero,
who is ready to cure the town
of their drag delusion.
Why don't you come up
and crown me sometime?
I feel like this song embodies
everything that Mistress is.
It's about celebrating authenticity
and being yourself.
I'm excited to give
one final performance
that everyone can remember.
Move over, "Let Loose."
"Delusion" is coming through.
[cheers and applause]
And now,
Mistress Isabelle Brooks.
[upbeat electronic music]
Oh.
[singing] I'ma rap first
just to clear the confusion
They say they're winning,
but I see 'em losing
C-c-call the doctor,
she need a wig transfusion
Bitch, I'm the cure
for your drag delusion
This ain't coming from
the height of my ego
I'm just sayin' shit that
we already know
I took the time to come
to the conclusion
Bitch, I'm the cure
for your drag delusion
Bitch, I'm the cure for
your drag delusion
Bitch, I'm the cure
for your drag delusion
There seems to be
a whole lot of confusion
Bitch, I'm the cure
for your drag delusion
I'm singing instead
'Cause there's still confusion
Everybody is confused
I'm feeling the cure
For your drag delusion
If nobody's confused
They about to win it easily?
Delusion.
They about to take eyes
off of me?
Delusion.
Let me go and gather her
Before she say another word
'Cause she said that
she's walking with her feet
Delusion.
Bitch, I'm the cure
for your drag delusion
Bitch, I'm the cure for
your drag delusion
There seems to be
a whole lot of confusion
Bitch, I'm the cure
for your drag delusion
Bitch, I'm the cure for
your drag delusion
Bitch, I'm the cure
for your drag delusion
There seems to be
a whole lot of confusion
Bitch, I'm the cure
for your drag delusion
[giggles]
[cheers and applause]
Wow.
Mistress. Oh, my gosh.
[laughs] All right.
It's time for
the judges' critiques.
Baby, tonight when those men
lifted you up,
you cleared up all
the confusion
- if you could be lifted, baby.
- Yes.
[laughs] - All of it.
She's in her Finale era, huh?
[laughter]
Anybody who didn't like that
is delusional.
Well done.
Now, what's something
fans would be
surprised to know about you?
Y'all are not gonna
believe me,
but I think y'all will be
surprised to know
I held back so much
and I really watched my mouth.
[laughter]
Okay.
Now, you said your heart goes
out to all the big girls.
Do you have a message
for them tonight?
Put. That. Down.
[laughter]
You know, I will say this:
To anyone out there,
big or small,
whatever it is, you're capable
of doing anything that
anyone else can do.
Life is so short, bitch.
Live every day to its fullest
and never let a bitch
keep you down, period.
[cheers and applause]
So, Mistress, who's here
supporting you tonight?
Tonight,
I have my drag mother,
the legendary Chevelle Brooks.
Yeah.
[cheers and applause]
And I also have
my best friend, Steven.
Ah, nice.
Now, Mother Brooks,
is there a softer side
to Mistress?
Yeah, her pants.
[laughter]
But, no, she really is.
She really is a sweetheart,
and she speaks from the heart.
You made Houston proud,
you made me proud,
and you made yourself proud.
Congratulations. I love you.
[cheers and applause]
Thank you, Mother Brooks.
Now, Mistress, why are drag
families so important?
My drag family is my family,
and I've learned so many
life lessons through drag,
and I owe so much to that woman
sitting right there.
She's taught me so much
as an entertainer,
but more importantly,
as a person
and how to navigate my life
and a queer person.
And because of her,
I get to travel
and carry on that legacy
and, of course,
nurture the next generation,
even if they're five days
younger than me
like my daughters
Sugar and Spice.
[laughter]
Now, I have one thing to say.
We're living in
the Big Girl era,
and I love it.
Give it up for
Mistress Isabelle Brooks.
[cheers and applause]
[RuPaul's "U Wear It Well"]
If you are Team Mistress,
sound off using #DragRace.
[RuPaul's "Sissy That Walk"]
Welcome back
to the grand finale
of "RuPaul's Drag Race."
Our final queen
is a rare combination
of face, grace,
and va-va-va-voom.
Take a look.
[intense electronic music]
I am Sasha Colby,
the bombshell of season 15.
This season has been so wild.
There have been
so many fun memories.
It was an
out-of-body experience.
I don't even know
who that girl is on TV.
She's hilarious. [laughs]
And a great butt. [laughs]
I'm so glad everyone got
to see Sasha Colby doing
her hair whips that
she loves to do, honey,
in 40 inches.
I feel in this journey that
I have evolved so much,
not just in my drag,
but as a human being.
Maybe I am the
Dumbledore of drag.
Thanks, Mistress.
Muggle.
Oh, bitch, you know I've been
waiting to say that
since she fucking
called me Dumbledore.
I'm like,
you motherfucking muggle.
Beautiful.
[camera shutter clicking]
She's been around the block
a few times, honey.
I'm so grateful to be here,
but it takes a village.
What I want to tell my family--
my chosen family
and the few biological family
that I do keep in contact--
I just want
to honestly tell you--
oh, my God. I'm gonna cry.
I just wanna tell you
thank you so much
for believing in me.
I love you all so much.
[exhales]
Sorbet you stay.
It really feels like
this last round
is just kind of
the cherry on top
to an amazing time.
My solo number tonight
is "Goddess."
It's my take on kind of
like a Medusa snake goddess.
In this performance,
you're gonna get
everything that you wanted
from Sasha Colby.
Tiger, baby.
Yeah.
Buckle up,
strap yourselves in,
'cause, Mama, this bombshell
is ready to explode.
Atomic.
And now, Sasha Colby!
G-O-D-D-E-S-S.
That bitch is a goddess.
She's not trying to impress.
She's just being honest.
G-O-D-D-E-S-S.
That bitch is a goddess.
[singing] That bitch is a
goddess, look at her face
And look at her body
She a professional,
she ain't no novice
When she need to turn it up,
she do
That's a promise, uh
That bitch, she's a diva
She can change her name
if she want to Tina
Maybe when she's waking up
she's feelin' like Nina
Or maybe down in Mexico,
she go by Margarita, uhh
That bitch is ethereal, she
lookin' like a work of art
And bitch'll make a miracle,
she never wanna take a break
She show up early,
never late, and she can
Take out anyone, but
she don't never instigate
Aah!
[growls]
'Cause she's a G-O-D-D-E-S-S
That bitch is a goddess
G-O-D-D-E-S-S
She's not trying to impress
She's just being honest
G-O-D-D-E-S-S
That bitch is a goddess
She's not trying to impress
She's just being honest
G-O-D-D-E-S-S
That bitch is a goddess
[cheers and applause]
Yes!
[crowd chanting] Sasha, Sasha!
Oh, my goodness!
[laughing]
Wow. Amazing.
Let's go to the judges'
critiques.
To quote your song,
that bitch is
a G-O-D-D-E-S-S,
and she's also
a consummate professional.
I would spell it,
but I don't know how.
OMG, oh my goddess,
I'm so glad I bought
VIP tickets
to the Sasha Colby
meet and greet!
That was... phenomenal.
I love it.
Now, Sasha,
you are the goddess,
but the goddess of what?
Oh, I mean,
the goddess of...
hair flips!
[laughter]
What's been the best part
of this journey here?
The best part
is actually meeting
all of the fans of "Drag Race,"
and the parents who, honestly,
come up to me all over
the place,
and they just are so
not just accepting
but celebratory of drag.
Now, I've heard you
use the term mahu.
What does that mean?
Okay, so mahu in Hawaiian,
it's the third gender
in Hawaiian culture.
And people in the community
trusted queer people and mahus
to handle their kids
because what is more divine
than knowing
both feminine
and masculine energy?
I love it!
I love it.
So, Sasha, who's here
supporting you tonight?
Oh, my family,
my chosen family.
I have my best friend's fiancé
and my content creator
Clint Clark.
and my sister from Hawaii,
Laurel Thompson.
[applause]
- So Clint.
- Yeah.
What do you admire most
about Sasha?
I admire... just your fearlessness
and your commitment
to what you do.
Um...
and I love that you're able
to also act a fool
and share that side of you also.
Go, Carl.
[laughter]
Did Carl make you feel
tingly inside?
[laughter]
Uh, I was like, we're family,
so I have to... you know.
[laughter]
Modesty, brother, modesty.
Sasha, what do you
dream of doing next?
Ooh! Uh, I mean, I love
a good manifestation moment.
- Mm-hmm.
- So I'm seeing my own TV show,
I'm seeing acting,
I'm seeing music--
all thanks...
[cheers and applause]
All thanks to this show
and you.
That's very kind.
Well, neck crack, paddy wack--
give it up for Sasha Colby!
[upbeat music]
[singing] Who is she?
Are you Team Sasha?
Sound off in #DragRace.
Plus, all the songs
from tonight's season finale
are available now
to download and stream.
Welcome back to the grand
finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race."
All hail our top four queens!
[singing] Bring back my girls
Bring back my girls.
[cheers and applause]
My queens,
all season long, your charisma,
uniqueness, nerve, and talent
have been on fire.
But tonight, only two of you
will be moving forward to the
final Lip-Sync for the Crown.
[dramatic musical sting]
Ladies,
I've made some decisions.
[suspenseful music]
Anetra...
Sasha Colby.
[cheers and applause]
Condragulations.
You are both moving forward
to the final Lip-Sync
for the Crown.
Now, Anetra and Sasha,
please go get ready.
Luxx and Mistress,
on behalf of all the fans
and from the bottom
of my heart,
thank you for an epic season.
Give it up for my girls!
[cheers and applause]
[singing] Drag is abolished
O-fficially
[singing] We deserve
To be who we are
Baby, it's not your call
Last summer, we filmed
"Wigloose: The Rusical."
set in an American town
where drag was outlawed.
[dramatic chord]
Less than a year later,
that fiction has become
a harsh reality,
reminding us that we can take
our human rights for granted.
[applause]
"We hold these truths
to be self-evident,
that all people
are created equal."
That they are endowed
by their creator
with certain unalienable rights.
That among these are life...
Liberty...
And the pursuit
of happiness.
Why would you ever wanna
take away someone's happiness?
As proud Americans,
there are so many things
that connect us.
- That connect us.
That connect us.
But there are forces
in this country
that wanna divide us.
Queer people don't come
from another planet.
We are your sons.
We're your daughters.
We're your neighbors.
We're your favorite uncles.
We're your tias.
We're police officers.
We're your teachers.
- Firefighters.
- We're nurses.
- Caretakers.
- We're immigrants.
- Drag kings.
- We're priests.
So the next time someone
tries to scare you with lies...
Or tries to tell you
what to wear...
- Who to love...
- Or how to be...
Remind them...
I am American.
both: I am American.
- all: All of us...
- Share the same
American dream.
- all: All of us...
- Should share
the same American rights.
We're all born naked.
And the rest is drag.
all: And the rest is drag.
all: The rest is drag.
And the rest... is drag.
[cheers and applause]
Here to perform
"Built on Drag,"
"Wigloose" composer Leland,
Orville Peck,
and the queens of season 15.
[singing] Drag is a fight
Drag is a protest
Drag only reveals
Who you really are
If you wanna shine
Then you know this
The kinda love we grow
can't grow in the dark
The pride that we feel
The power we hold
In our high heels
The rights that we've earned
Where we began
And what we learned
both: Was built on drag
Ooh ooh
Ooh, ooh
The pride that we feel
The power we hold
In our high heels
The rights that we've earned
Where we began
And what we've learned
Was built on
Drag
Everybody's
going wigloose
Grab a wig and put it on you
There's a queen
that wants to come through
Oh, everybody's going wigloose
All these sisters
waitin' for you
There's a queen
that wants to come through
Oh, everybody's going wigloose
[cheers and applause]
Ladies and gentlethems,
welcome back America's
reigning drag superstar,
Willow Pill.
[singing] I hate people
I hate people
Big or small, short or tall
People
I-I-I-I-I-I
Ha-ha-ha-hate peop
P-p-p-p-p-people
I hate people
Oh oh oh
I hate
People
[cheers and applause]
What are you all doing
in my bathroom?
I'm so excited to be here
to help pass on the crown
to America's next
drag superstar.
This year has been wild.
Mushroom sales have skyrocketed
since my crowning.
And most importantly, for
the first time in my life...
I topped.
It's also been a year of grief
and personal struggles.
But I'm at a place where I
really, really love what I do.
So just know if the winner
of "RuPaul's Drag Race,"
the most adored woman
in America,
with her gorgeous ass
is struggling,
then it's okay if you are too.
[cheers and applause]
And for whichever queen
wins tonight,
I've one piece of advice.
Only shoplift
the small things, okay?
Now, ladies, gentlemen,
and everyone with a mullet,
please welcome my sister,
Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté.
[singing] You know I am
in business
Come let's give them
just what they want
They wanna see ya
work work work work work
Work work work work work
Good evening!
Kornbread,
you're looking... different.
You know,
I got a little work done.
Meow.
But that's not the only
reason I'm here.
The reason I'm here
is to announce
the winner of this season's
Miss Congeniality.
[cheers and applause]
Hit it!
[music begins]
- [cheers and applause]
- Yeah!
Whoo!
Thank you, Kornbread,
you stupid bitch.
[laughter]
Okay now,
the queens of season 15
have voted.
The winner of
Miss Congeniality Season 15
will win $10,000, presented by
Olay Body.
And the winner is...
[suspenseful music]
Malaysia Babydoll Foxx!
[upbeat music]
Malaysia,
what do you have to say?
[sighs] In a
season full of eras,
I guess I'm finally
in my Congenial era!
Now, that's not all.
Olay Body would also
like to offer
all the queens $2,000 each
for a sickening season.
- Wow!
- Yas!
Thank you.
Condragulations, queens.
[singing] Condragulations
You're number one
I wanna thank you
for a job well done
Hey, everyone,
it's Michelle Visage here
with my dear friend
Vanessa Williams!
Mark your calendars
starting June 2nd
on Paramount+, season 2 of
"Queen of the Universe"!
It is the first all-drag,
all-singing competition
that is truly
out of this world.
Take a look.
Condragulations
Let the drag extravaganza
begin!
- [singing] Ah
- The new season
of "Queen of the Universe,"
is bigger than ever.
It's time to spice up
the competition.
Are you ready
for your life to change?
With sky-high stakes...
She is a pop star.
And drag like
you've never seen before.
[operatic note] - Wow!
Whose voice
will rule the universe?
As they say in Australia:
Kick it in the [bleep]!
Exclusively on Paramount+.
[upbeat music]
[triumphant chords]
Line?
I'm Jinkx Monsoon,
internationally tolerated
drag queen superstar.
Aah!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
The stress is just
really getting to me.
- Your ear falling off--
- You're gonna have to
speak up--I can only
hear you half as well.
Yeah, yeah.
I'll have whatever intestinal
parasite she's having.
Now that we're at
the midway point...
is that my camera?
Drag is... my passion,
and I just hope
to share the gifts
that you've bestowed upon me
and show them that we are
all beautiful
no matter who we are
or how we present ourselves
to the world.
And I claim this
in the name of Hecate,
Mother of Witches. Thank you.
[laughter]
Hot off her
record-breaking run
in the Broadway musical
"Chicago,"
it's Jinkx Monsoon!
[singing] Ask
Any of the chickies in my pen
[cheers and applause]
They'll tell ya I'm the biggest
Mother hen
I love 'em all
And all of them love me
Because the system works
The system called
Reci-proc
Ity
[holding note]
[rhythm picks up]
Ha ha ha ha!
Got a little motto
Always sees me through
When you're good to Mama
Mama's good to you
They say that life
is tit for tat
And that's the way I live
So I deserve a lotta tat
For what I've got to give
Don't ya know that this hand
Washes that one too
When you're good to Mama
Mama's good
To you
[holding note]
[sweeping piano chords]
So
What's the one conclusion
I can bring this number to?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
[whooping, cheering]
When you're
Good
To Mama
Mama's
Good
To
You
[holding note]
[cheers and applause]
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Welcome back to
the grand finale
of "RuPaul's Drag Race."
Now, I'm here with
Broadway star Jinkx Monsoon
Darling... may I call you Mama?
Oh, well, of course.
I may be Mama,
but you will always be Mother.
So what's next
for you, Jinkx?
Well, you can see me
on my 44-city
North American tour
called "Everything at Stake
This Summer."
I love that.
So you're gonna go everywhere.
You know,
everywhere that'll have me.
- Okay.
- Ha ha ha ha ha!
Now--
Ha ha ha ha!
Now, Jinkx, before you go,
I have a little something
I wanna show you.
Now, Jinkx, what do you think
your life's gonna be like?
What do you wanna do?
It's been my life dream,
ever since I started doing drag
to do drag on Broadway.
I can see you
as Blanche DuBois.
I could see that too!
Wow!
[cheers and applause]
Well...
dreams really do come true.
Ru, thank you for all
that you have done for me
and for drag queens everywhere
and for the world of drag,
my gosh!
You know, it's like
drag gave me a path
to make my dreams come true.
It just feels like
amazing when you know
who you're supposed to be
and you fight for the ability
to be that,
and then you be that,
and it's exactly who
you're supposed to be.
[cheers and applause]
[RuPaul laughing]
So please donate
to the ACLU Drag Defense Fund,
'cause dare I say it?
When you're good to Mama,
Mama's good to you.
Yeah!
[laughing]
Give it up for the queen
of all queens,
Jinkx Monsoon!
- Thank you.
- I'm so proud of you.
It's wonderful.
And now,
the moment we've all
been waiting for,
I present to you
Anetra and Sasha Colby!
[dramatic music]
[singing] This
is what we did
We did it
This is what we did
Queens,
this is your moment.
Two queens stand behind me.
[upbeat music]
Prior to tonight,
you were asked to prepare
a lip-sync performance
of "Knock on Wood"
by Amii Stewart.
[crowd exclaiming]
Ladies, this is your last
chance to impress me
and prove to the world
that you are
America's next drag superstar.
[dramatic chords]
[audience whooping]
The time has come...
for you to Lip-Synch
For... the... Crown!
[cheers and applause]
[softly] Let's go.
[suspenseful music]
Good luck...
and don't fuck... it...up.
[music begins]
[singing] I'm not superstitious
About ya
But I can't take no chance
You got me spinnin', baby
You know that I'm in a trance
'Cause your love is better
Than any love I know
It's like thunder
Lightning
The way you love me
is frightenin'
You better knock, knock, knock
On wood
Baby
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
Babe, you better knock knock
knock on wood
Babe, you better knock
knock knock on wood
Babe, you better
knock knock knock on wood
Babe, you better knock
Ooh
Oh baby
Oh
Babe, you better
knock knock knock on wood
Babe, you better knock
knock knock on wood
Babe, you better
knock knock knock on wood
knock knock knock
Babe, you better knock
knock knock on wood
Babe, you better
knock knock knock on wood
Babe, you better knock
knock knock on wood
Babe, you better
knock knock knock on wood
Babe, you better knock
[RuPaul laughing]
[cheers and applause]
Oh, my God!
That was so fast!
Ladies,
In addition to the title
of America's Next Drag Superstar,
the winner of
"RuPaul's Drag Race"
will receive a crown
and scepter
provided by Fierce Drag Jewels,
a year's supply of Anastasia
Beverly Hills Cosmetics,
and a cash prize
of $200,000,
served by Cash App.
Now, the time has come
to crown our queen.
[suspenseful music]
Ladies, I've made my decision.
The winner of
"RuPaul's Drag Race,"
America's next drag superstar is...
[suspenseful music]
Sasha Colby.
[cheers and applause]
[singing] I'm a winner, baby
I'm a winner, baby,
I'm a winner
Ohh!
I'm a winner, baby
I'm a winner,
Sasha, is there anything
you'd like to say?
Yes.
This goes to
every trans person,
past, present, and future,
because we are not
going anywhere.
Now, prance, my queen,
prance!
I'm a winner, baby
I'm a winner...
Muah. Wonderful. Remember,
if you can't love yourself,
how in the hell
you gonna love somebody else?
Can I get an amen up in here?
all: Amen!
All right,
let the music play!
I'm a winner, baby
Losers weepers
Finders keepers
I'm a winner, baby
[singing] A little bit of love
Goes a long, long way
Lifting you up
to a brighter day
A little bit of love
Goes a long, long way
Turn it around
when you up and say
Everybody say love, love, love
Love oh oh oh
Oh oh love oh oh
Love can you feel the love?